Apps gallery (#121)
wikimedia/mediawiki-api-demos: gallery/contributing.md

# Contribution guidelines
Have you developed a demo app using the [MediaWiki Action API](https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/API:Main_page)? We would love to showcase it in the MediaWiki Apps Gallery!
 

> Learn below the criteria for a demo app we are looking to integrate into the gallery and submission instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn below, the criteria for a demo app we are looking for to integrate into the gallery, as well as instructions to submit your app.
```

## App criteria

> - Simple and easy to understand and use for all types of developers and API consumers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Simple and easy to understand and use, for all types of developers and API consumers
```
